W-10587688-(HTTPC-168)-Documentation for HTTP Polling Source (#1753)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: http/1.7/modules/ROOT/pages/http-polling-source-ref.adoc

> = Configure HTTP Polling Source

Reviewer: Per our new templates:
```suggestion
= Configuring HTTP Polling Sources
```

> Anypoint Connector for HTTP Connector (HTTP Connector) provides a *Polling Source* event source that executes a scheduled HTTP request to a given HTTP server. This source does not wait for an HTTP request from a user, such as the HTTP *Listener* source does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for HTTP Connector (HTTP Connector) provides a *Polling Source* event source that executes a scheduled HTTP request to a given HTTP server. This source does not wait for an HTTP request from a user, as does the HTTP *Listener* source.
```
OR...can we just omit that part?
```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for HTTP Connector (HTTP Connector) provides a *Polling Source* event source that executes a scheduled HTTP request to a given HTTP server. This source does not wait for an HTTP request from a user.
```

> In the HTTP *Polling Source* event source, you can configure a scheduled frequency that can be a fixed frequency or a cron expression. You can also configure the event source to split the HTTP response, so every item in the response is executed in a different execution of the flow. As well as configure how to retrieve watermarking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the HTTP *Polling Source* event source, you can configure:
* A scheduled frequency as either a fixed frequency or a cron expression. 
* The event source to split the HTTP response, so that every item in the response is executed in a different execution of the flow. 
* How to retrieve watermarking.
```

Reviewer: If you keep the original format, note that the final item is a fragment and should be made a sentence.

== Relationship with HTTP Request Operation

> Because the HTTP *Polling Source* event source performs an HTTP request, as the HTTP *Request* operation, the source requires an HTTP request global configuration, where you can configure the URL, port, base path, protocol, as well as any other HTTP request configuration needed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the use of "as" here. Is "as the HTTP *Request* operation"...: 

* An example of one type of event source ("such as")
* The actor of the request (the source performs the request as if it were an HTTP *Request* operation: sort of "pretending" to be)
* Performing in the same way that an HTTP *Request* operation performs?

As I read further, I *think* you mean to say:
```suggestion
Because the HTTP *Polling Source* event source performs an HTTP request (such as the HTTP *Request* operation), configure the source by using HTTP request global configuration, including configuring the URL, port, base path, protocol, and any custom request configuration that your implementation requires.
```

> The source executes an HTTP request and with the resulting HTTP response creates one or more events to send its flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source executes an HTTP request and, with the resulting HTTP response, creates one or more events that trigger its flow.
```

> The following XML configuration example shows a polling source that polls every 10 hours. The `<http:request-config>`, `<http:polling-source>`, `<scheduling-strategy>` configurations look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML configuration example shows a polling source that polls every 10 hours. The `<http:request-config>`, `<http:polling-source>`, and `<scheduling-strategy>` configurations look like this:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
    <http:request-connection host="localhost" port="8081"/>
</http:request-config>

<flow name="example-polling-source">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="/test">
        <scheduling-strategy >
            <fixed-frequency frequency="10" timeUnit="HOURS"/>
         </scheduling-strategy>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

== Configure Polling Frequency

> Configure the schedule strategy to a fixed frequency or cron expression in the *Scheduling strategy* (`<scheduling-strategy>`) field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the schedule strategy as either a fixed frequency or cron expression in the *Scheduling strategy* (`<scheduling-strategy>`) field:
```

> // Add Studio Configuration steps once I have a .jar file example to open in Studio

Reviewer: Be sure to add this

In the *Configuration XML* editor, the `<scheduling-strategy>` and `<cron>` configurations look like this:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="example-polling-source">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="/test">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <cron expression="0/1 * * * * ?"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

== Configure Parameters

> As in the HTTP *Request* operation, you can also configure the body, headers, URI parameters and query parameters for the HTTP *Polling Source* event source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same way that you can for the HTTP *Request* operation, you can also configure the body, headers, URI parameters, and query parameters for the HTTP *Polling Source* event source.
```

> The following example shows how to configure the *Body* (`polling-request-body`), *Headers* (`polling-request-headers`), *URI parameters* (`polling-request-uri-param`) and *Query parameters* (`polling-request-query-param`) fields with values where you can add expressions. These expressions can depend on the watermark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the *Body* (`polling-request-body`), *Headers* (`polling-request-headers`), *URI parameters* (`polling-request-uri-param`), and *Query parameters* (`polling-request-query-param`) fields with values to which you can add expressions. These expressions can depend on the watermark.
```

> // Add Studio Configuration steps once I have a .jar file example to open in Studio

Reviewer: Don't forget to add.

> In the *Configuration XML* editor, the `polling-request-body`, `polling-request-headers`, `polling-request-uri-param` and `polling-request-query-param` configurations look like this:

Reviewer: GLOBALLY use the series comma (the one before "and"):
```suggestion
In the *Configuration XML* editor, the `polling-request-body`, `polling-request-headers`, `polling-request-uri-param`, and `polling-request-query-param` configurations look like this:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="basic-polling-full-params">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="/{testPath}">
        <scheduling-strategy >
            <fixed-frequency frequency="2" timeUnit="SECONDS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
        <http:polling-request-body ><![CDATA[{'someBodyValue': 10}]]></http:polling-request-body>
        <http:polling-request-headers >
            <http:polling-request-header key="content" value="application/json" />
            <http:polling-request-header key="testHeader" value="Messi" />
        </http:polling-request-headers>
        <http:polling-request-uri-params >
            <http:polling-request-uri-param key="testPath" value="test" />
        </http:polling-request-uri-params>
        <http:polling-request-query-params >
            <http:polling-request-query-param key="testQueryParam" value="parameter value" />
        </http:polling-request-query-params>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> == Configure Split Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring the Ability to Split Expressions
```
GLOBAL: Be careful not to use imperative voice in the titles of texts that do not include steps:
Configuring = about this, how it works
Configure = follow these steps

> After the HTTP *Polling Source* event source executes the HTTP request and retrieves an HTTP response, you can perform a transformation and split the HTTP response, so every item in the response is executed in a different execution of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the HTTP *Polling Source* event source executes the HTTP request and retrieves an HTTP response, you can perform a transformation and split the HTTP response in such a way that every item in that response is executed in its own location in the flow.
```

> For example, you poll to a server that gets its data from a database, and the server returns 50 results. You want to send each result separately to the flow, without the need to split the response between the flow and the usage of a *For each* component. To split the response, configure the *Split expression* (`splitExpression`) field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, imagine that you poll a server that gets its data from a database, and the server returns 50 results. You want to send each result separately to the flow without splitting the response between the flow and the use of a *For each* component. To split the response, configure the *Split expression* (`splitExpression`) field.
```

> In the splitting expression refer to the response as `payload`, as you would do after an HTTP *Request* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the splitting expression, refer to the response as `payload`, as you would do after an HTTP *Request* operation.
```

> The following example shows a server that returns a JSON payload, in which the items are in an array, the `set-payload` component configuration looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a server that returns a JSON payload in which the items are in an array. The `set-payload` component configuration looks like this:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="jsonListenerFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/json"/>
    <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- [{'name': 'Mondi'}, {'name': 'Viena'}]]"/>
</flow>
----

> Then, the corresponding expression to split the array is `#[payload]`. In the splitting expression, the referred `payload` is the entire response already treated as a JSON file. Meanwhile, the `payload` referred in the `logger` processor refers to the corresponding payload for its execution, on one execution `{'name': 'Mondi'}`, on the other execution `{'name': 'Viena'}`). The `splitExpression` configuration looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the corresponding expression to split the array is `#[payload]`. In the splitting expression, the referred `payload` is the entire response, already treated as a JSON file. Meanwhile, the `payload` referred to in the `logger` processor refers to the corresponding payload for its execution: on one execution `{'name': 'Mondi'}`, and on the other execution `{'name': 'Viena'}`). The `splitExpression` configuration looks like this:
```

Reviewer: Please have a writing peer review the previous text ^, because the jargon was a bit heavy for me to parse.

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="jsonPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="json" splitExpression="#[payload]">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="10" timeUnit="SECONDS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> The following example shows two concurrent executions of the flow after one same polling, one execution with `<name>Mondi</name>` and another execution with `<name>Viena</name>`. After 10 hours, the polling is executed again. In this example, the server returns the same result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows two concurrent executions of the flow after a single polling: one execution with `<name>Mondi</name>` and another execution with `<name>Viena</name>`. After 10 hours, the polling is executed again. In this example, the server returns the same result:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="xmlListenerFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/xml"/>
    <set-payload value="#[output application/xml --- {'something': {'element': [{name: 'Mondi'}, {name: 'Viena'}]}}]"/>
</flow>

<flow name="xmlPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="xml"
        splitExpression="#[payload.something.*element]">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="10" timeUnit="HOURS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> == Configure Watermarking Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring Watermarking Expressions
```

> In the previous simple examples, the server always returned the same HTTP response. In more complex scenarios the server needs to know that it has to send the next response. You can send headers, URI parameters, body, or query parameters, but if these parameters always contain the same values in the HTTP request, the server does not know what would be the next response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous simple examples, the server always returns the same HTTP response. In more complex scenarios, you must configure the server to send the next response. You can send headers, URI parameters, body data, or query parameters, but if these parameters always contain the same values in the HTTP request, the server does not know what would be the next response.
```
The final sentence does not create a logical scenario and result in my mind; please check with a peer.

> For these polling scenarios, you use watermarking, where the server returns a watermark value on the payload itself, or in every item. For example, the watermark value can be a timestamp that can refer to the entire collection, or every item could have its own timestamp. In any case, you provide a watermark expression using the `watermark` placeholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For polling scenarios like this, you implement watermarking, in which the server returns a watermark value either for the entire payload or for every item in that payload separately. For example, the watermark value can be a timestamp that refers to the entire collection, or every item could have its own timestamp. In either case, you provide a watermark expression by using the `watermark` placeholder.
```

> The expression extracts the watermark from the response, and subsequently, use this watermark to send the requests to the server. You can use expressions for the body, headers, URI parameters and query parameters' values in the the `watermark` placeholder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression extracts the watermark from the response and subsequently uses this watermark to send the requests to the server. You can use expressions for the body, headers, URI parameters, and query parameters values in the `watermark` placeholder.
```

> Note that in the first execution, the `watermark` placeholder value is `null`, which you might want to consider in the server or the expression where the placeholder is used.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this means: is the value on first use always `null`, and what are you recommending that the audience do about that, if anything? Can the user circumvent this or does the user just need to be aware of it?

Reviewer: Be sure that this is consistent with your example, Line 151.

> * To refer to the entire payload in the watermark expression, use the `payload` placeholder, as in the splitting expression.

Reviewer: Consider reducing the use of texts that connect the event source to an HTTP request and the watermark expression to the splitting expression: I think that this assumes that the audience already understands one situation and can therefore understand the other, but that might not be the case. It seems risky to me.
```suggestion
* To refer to the entire payload in the watermark expression, use the `payload` placeholder.
```

> * To refer to an item, use the `item` placeholder, the  watermarking expression applies to every item, one by one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To refer to an item, use the `item` placeholder, which applies the watermarking expression each item individually.
```

> The following XML configuration example shows an HTTP *Listener* flow. In the first polling iteration, when there is no watermark, a payload is returned with a watermark value set in the `wm` property. In the second polling iteration, a watermark value is expected to be used, so the payload is different. In this case, coming from the request's payload:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML configuration example shows an HTTP *Listener* flow. In the first polling iteration, when the watermark value is `null`, a payload is returned with a watermark value set in the `wm` property. In the second polling iteration, a watermark value is expected, so the payload is different. In this case, coming from the request's payload:
```

Reviewer: "coming from the request's payload:" = "the request payload looks like this:"?

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="watermarkInPayloadListenerFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="watermarkListenerConfig" path="/watermark-payload"/>
    <choice>
        <when expression="#[payload.watermark == null]">
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Eze'}, {'name': 'Fabi'}, {'name': 'Sofi'}], 'wm': 0}]"/>
        </when>
        <when expression="#[payload.watermark == '0']">
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Euge'}, {'name': 'Juli'}], 'wm': 1}]"/>
        </when>
        <when expression="#[payload.watermark == '1']">
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Pablo'}, {'name': 'Martín'}], 'wm': 2}]"/>
        </when>
        <otherwise>
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [], 'wm': 3}]"/>
        </otherwise>
    </choice>
</flow>
----

> The following XML configuration example shows how to extract the watermark value from the entire payload, and then use the value in the body of the request. The configuration uses the HTTP *Polling Source* event source instead of the HTTP *Listener* source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML configuration example shows how to extract the watermark value from the entire payload and then use the value in the body of the request. The configuration uses the HTTP *Polling Source* event source instead of the HTTP *Listener* source:
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="watermarkInPayloadPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="watermarkRequestConfig" path="watermark-payload"
        splitExpression="#[payload.items]" watermarkExpression="#[payload.wm]">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="5" timeUnit="MINUTES"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
        <http:polling-request-body><![CDATA[#[output application/json --- {'watermark': watermark}]]]></http:polling-request-body>
        <http:polling-request-headers >
            <http:polling-request-header key="Content-Type" value="application/json" />
        </http:polling-request-headers>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> * The `watermarkExpression` has the `watermark` placeholder that retrieves the watermark from the property `wm` from the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `watermarkExpression` has the `watermark` placeholder that retrieves the watermark from the property `wm` of the response.
```

> * In the first polling iteration, there are three executions of the flow, one execution with `{name: 'Eze'}`, another execution with `{name: 'Fabi'}` and the last execution with `{name: 'Sofi'}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The first polling iteration includes three executions of the flow, one execution with `{name: 'Eze'}`, another execution with `{name: 'Fabi'}`, and the last execution with `{name: 'Sofi'}`.
```

> * In the second polling iteration, that occurs 5 minutes later, there are 2 executions, one execution with `{name: 'Euge'}` and another execution with `{name: 'Juli'}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the second polling iteration, which occurs five minutes later, there are two executions, one execution with `{name: 'Euge'}` and another execution with `{name: 'Juli'}`).
```

> * In the third polling iteration, that also occurs 5 minutes later, there are two executions of the flow, one execution with `{name: 'Pablo'}` and another one with `{name: Martin}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the third polling iteration, which also occurs five minutes later, there are two executions of the flow, one execution with `{name: 'Pablo'}` and another one with `{name: Martin}`).
```

> * Afterwards, there will be continue polling iterations but because the results are empty, there are no flow executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Afterward the third iteration, polling continues, but because the results are empty, there are no flow executions.
```

> The following XML configuration example shows how to extract the watermark value from each item, and then use the value in the query parameters. The behavior depends completely on how the HTTP server uses the watermarking value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML configuration example shows how to extract the watermark value from each item and then use that value in the query parameters. The behavior depends completely on how the HTTP server uses the watermarking value:
```

        <when expression="#[attributes.queryParams.watermark == '2']">
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Axel', 'wm': 4}, {'name': 'Mariano', 'wm': 5}]}]"/>
        </when>
        <when expression="#[attributes.queryParams.watermark == '5']">
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Ivan', 'wm': 6}, {'name': 'Hyeran', 'wm': 7}]}]"/>
        </when>
        <otherwise>
            <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': []}]"/>
        </otherwise>
    </choice>
</flow>

<flow name="watermarkIntoQueryParamsPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="watermarkRequestConfig" path="watermark-into-query"
        splitExpression="#[payload.items]" watermarkExpression="#[item.wm]">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="1" timeUnit="SECONDS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
        <http:polling-request-query-params >
            <http:polling-request-query-param key="watermark" value="#[watermark default 0]" />
        </http:polling-request-query-params>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> == Configure Idempotency Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring Idempotency Expressions
```

> To avoid the concurrent execution of two flows with the same payload identification, configure idempotency for the HTTP *Polling Source* event source. The configuration ensures that payloads with the same ID are processed not concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the concurrent execution of two flows with the same payload identification, configure idempotency for the HTTP *Polling Source* event source. This configuration ensures that payloads with the same ID are not processed concurrently.
```

> To configure idempotency for the event source, add an ID expression to retrieve the ID from the item, similar to the watermarking expression configuration. Use `payload` and `item` placeholders for the idempotency expression `idExpression`.

Reviewer: Here's another comparison that might just make the meaning more confusing and is likely unnecessary:
```suggestion
To configure idempotency for the event source, add an ID expression to retrieve the ID from the item. Use `payload` and `item` placeholders in the idempotency expression `idExpression`.
```

> The following XML configuration example shows that the first three items execute the flow concurrently, and the fourth item starts only its process after the first item, both with the same ID, finishes processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following XML configuration example, the first three items execute the flow concurrently and the fourth item starts its process only after the first item finishes processing.
```
OR
```suggestion
In the following XML configuration example, the first three items execute the flow concurrently and the fourth item starts its process only after the first item, which has the same ID as the fourth item, finishes processing.
```

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="identityWithoutWatermarkListenerFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="watermarkListenerConfig" path="/identity-no-watermark"/>
    <set-payload value="#[output application/json --- {'items': [{'name': 'Rodro', 'value': 5}, {'name': 'Eze', 'value': 8}, {'name': 'MG', 'value': 7}, {'name': 'Rodro', 'value': 14}]}]"/>
</flow>

<flow name="identityWithoutWatermarkPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="watermarkRequestConfig" path="identity-no-watermark"
        splitExpression="#[payload.items]" idExpression="#[item.name]">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="1" timeUnit="HOURS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

> == Configure Response Validator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring Response Validators
```

> To consider whether the response is valid, configure a response validator, as you do with the HTTP *Request* operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate the responses received by configuring and using a response validator.
```

> For more information, refer to the xref:http-request-ref#HTTP-Response-Validation[Configure Response Validator] in the HTTP *Request* operation documentation.

Reviewer: I would omit this: in previous comparisons between event source and HTTP request operation, we have not included cross-refs.

As I said earlier, repeating these comparisons between the two might be adding unnecessary extra "noise" to the text focusing on the event source. Consider stating one time, in the H1 intro to these H2 topics, that you configure an event source in much the same was as an HTTP request, and then _maybe_ include a cross-ref to HTTP request configuration as a whole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The following XML configuration example shows that because the server always returns a status code of 301, and the response validator expects the default status code from 200 to 299, the HTTP response always fails. This indicates that the flow does not execute, and the payload is only considered valid when the response validator defines 301 as the status code (the splitting, watermarking and idempotency configurations are applied then):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following XML configuration example shows a situation in which the server always returns a status code of 301, when the response validator expects a default status code between 200 and 299 and, as a result, the HTTP response always fails. This indicates that the flow does not execute, and the payload is considered valid only when the response validator defines 301 as the status code (the splitting, watermarking, and idempotency configurations are applied then):
```
Is the parenthetical information at the end of this sentence really necessary? It refers to something that is not part of this example's purpose.

= HTTP Request Configuration Reference
:page-aliases: connectors::http/http-polling-source-ref.adoc

The HTTP Polling Source allows you to have an event source that, instead of waiting for an HTTP request from a user (like the HTTP Listener), performs an scheduled HTTP Request to a given HTTP Server.

> You can configure the scheduling frequency. May it be a fixed frequency, or a cron expression. You can also configure how to split the HTTP Response from the server, as well how to retrieve watermarking (if any) and ids (if any).

Reviewer 2: `May it be a fixed frequency, or a cron expression ` -> Is there some more general docs to link here? If in the future we add a new scheduling strategy, this will be outdated.

Author: Fair. Yes, I think we should just rely on that documentation, if any. This is more a question for docs team I think

> You can configure the scheduling frequency. May it be a fixed frequency, or a cron expression. You can also configure how to split the HTTP Response from the server, as well how to retrieve watermarking (if any) and ids (if any).

Reviewer 2: `split the HTTP Response from the server` -> i think the use case here (process many elements contained in the response) is more important that how it is done (by splitting).

> You can configure the scheduling frequency. May it be a fixed frequency, or a cron expression. You can also configure how to split the HTTP Response from the server, as well how to retrieve watermarking (if any) and ids (if any).

Reviewer 2: add link to watermarking

Author: Do we have a documentation that talks specifically about watarmarking? (not migration one)

== Relationship with HTTP Request Operation

> Since this Event Source performs an HTTP Request, as the operation does, this event source uses an HTTP Request Configuration as well. There, you can set the url, port, basepath, protocol, as well as any other request configuration needed. 

Reviewer 2: `as the operation does ` -> link to the operation doc page

> This Polling Source will execute an HTTP Request, similar to the one performed in the operation, and with the resulting response it will create an event (or more than one) to execute its flow. 

Reviewer 2: `execute` -> `send`

So, for example: 

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<http:request-config name="requestConfig">
    <http:request-connection host="localhost" port="8081"/>
</http:request-config>

<flow name="example-polling-source">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="/test">
        <scheduling-strategy >
            <fixed-frequency frequency="10" timeUnit="HOURS"/>
         </scheduling-strategy>        
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

== Configuring Polling Frequency

> In the previous example, we had a Polling Source that polled every 10 hours. We can configure this by changing the scheduling strategy in the Event Source element:

Reviewer 2: This is the same for every polling source

Author: It is, but shouldn't we show it either way? I leave that to the docs team so it's consistent to everything else

Another example could be recieving an XML response:

[source,xml,linenums]
----
<flow name="xmlListenerFlow">
    <http:listener config-ref="listenerConfig" path="/xml"/>
    <set-payload value="#[output application/xml --- {'something': {'element': [{name: 'Mondi'}, {name: 'Viena'}]}}]"/>
</flow>

<flow name="xmlPollingFlow">
    <http:polling-source config-ref="requestConfig" path="xml">
        <scheduling-strategy>
            <fixed-frequency frequency="10" timeUnit="HOURS"/>
        </scheduling-strategy>
        <http:split-expression>
            <![CDATA[#[payload.something.*element]]]>
        </http:split-expression>
    </http:polling-source>
    <logger message="#[payload]"/>
</flow>
----

In this last example, you will have two concurrent executions of the flow after one same polling: one with `<name>Mondi</name>` and another one with `<name>Viena</name>`. After 10 hours, the Polling will be executed again (in this very simple example, the server will return the same result, of course).

== Watermarking

> In previous examples we have already seen a problem: the server returns always the same response. Of course, this were simple examples, but the situation would be quite similar in more complex scenarios: how can the server know that it has to send the "next" response? You can send headers, uri parameters, a body, or query parameters, but if these are always the same values, there wouldn't be any way that, from the Request, the server would be to know which is the "following" response.

Reviewer 2: `this were` -> `these were`
